---
title: "A Deep Learning Approach for Determining Effects of Tuta Absoluta in Tomato Plants"
collection: talks
type: "Conference proceedings talk"
permalink: /talks/ICLR2020
venue: "Virtual"
date: 2020-04-26
location: "Adis Ababa, Ethiopia"
---

In the midst of the global shift towards virtual events due to the COVID-19 pandemic, I had the distinct opportunity to present my research at the Computer Vision for Agriculture workshop. This event was part of the larger International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR), hosted virtually from April 26th to 30th, 2020 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. My presentation, entitled "A Deep Learning Approach for Determining Effects of Tuta Absoluta in Tomato Plants," focused on leveraging advanced AI techniques to tackle the challenges posed by Tuta absoluta, a pest that significantly impacts tomato crops. The innovative approach highlighted in my research emphasized the potential of deep learning in enhancing agricultural pest detection and management.

The virtual format of the workshop, necessitated by the ongoing pandemic, created an unprecedented opportunity for a broader, more diverse audience to engage and collaborate. It allowed experts and enthusiasts from various parts of the world to participate and share insights, fostering a rich environment of global collaboration. This research's inclusion in the conference proceedings underscored its significance and contribution to the burgeoning field of AI in agriculture. The experience not only showcased the adaptability of the academic community in times of crisis but also highlighted the critical role of technology in both advancing agricultural practices and sustaining international academic discourse.
